SpotiFind 🕵️

Ellen Lee, Xinyi Shen, Daisy Watters, Benji Carrere

For this project we plan to use the Song Popularity Dataset which can be used to predict the popularity of songs based on factors like liveness, acoustics, energy, etc. Specifically, we would love to find potential correlations between song characteristics such as loudness and energy. 

List of Python packages used and their versions (e.g. numpy 1.21.5). This is good practice for reproducible and responsible programming!

Detailed description of the demo file. This includes detailed instructions on how to run it, what output one should expect to see, and any explanations or interpretations of the result. There should be at least 2 figures embedded in this section. It can be screenshots of your game, or plots generated by your data visualization code. Make sure these figures have appropriate titles and captions, and are sufficiently explained in your text.

System input:  


System output: 


Intermediate steps:
- If there are playlists consisting of all of the inputted songs
    - Search through each of these playlists
    - Create a dictionary to count the number of times that each individual song (other than the ones inputted) appears in the playlists
    - Select the top songs in the dictionary 
- If there are no playlists with the combination of ALL inputted, search through playlists consisting of ONE of the songs
    - Take 1st song (name and artist) that the user has inputted
    - Perform same steps as above but for that one song
    - Repeat with each of the user inputted songs
    - Select first top song in dictionary based on the 1st inputted song
    - Select second top song in dictionary based on the 2nd inputted song
    - Repeat x times, cycling through the songs that have been inputted

Scope and limitations, including ethical implications, accessibility concerns, and ideas for potential extensions.

References and acknowledgement.

Background and source of the dataset:
This dataset is referred from Kaggle, and was created by M. Yasser H. 
[link](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/yasserh/song-popularity-dataset/discussion?resource=download)

(If appropriate) links to any tutorials you used, and at least 3 specific things you implemented that differentiates your project from what’s already in the tutorial.
